alright Allen I'm getting ready to take
you for a quick boat ride but I'm by
myself so might not be the best thing in
the world trying to get these uh
electronics up and run in here and see
what the hell it's supposed to do here
you see they're working the hell do I do
here
hey this is what somebody's anyway
they're working I just don't standby
mode and I'm just busy by myself here
all your gauges are up and running
hold on
like rock
and the trim tabs are not working but
get those specs one way or the other
either the guy that did the work on the
left
anyway everything else stops run and you
both roads out 5,600 rpm 46 miles an
hour and that's about the end of our
show speaking you have to walk have a
great day